# AI_Assignment
For this assignment I used ChatGPT model 4o mini to reproduce an assignment that we did in class earlier in the semester. The notebook contains both the prompts given to ChatGPT and the code produced by the AI in responce to the prompts. The prompts given will all be in markdown cells and the cell immediately under will be the AI returned prompt from that specific prompt. The overall assignment was looking at credit card data and seeing in we could make a binary classifier from the data that would predict if a credit card transaction was fraud or not based on a variety of different variables. 

Artificial intelligence is a very powerful tool that can improve the speed at which we can accomplish difficult tasks. This assignment was my first time interacting with a large-language model like ChatGPT. The main concrete benefit is that if you know how to generate good prompts for the AI to use, then it can generate the code for you much faster than you could make on your own. However, using AI carelessly can be very dangerous. Sure, it generates the code quickly for us, but the way in which it does it may generate further problems for later on down the road. These can be very hard to find later, especially if you do not understand what it is that the AI generated code is doing in the process to what you want the outcome to be. This is why it is very important to check the AI’s code as you implement are implementing it into your own.  

There were a few times during this assignment where I ran into an issue. The AI was either not doing what I wanted it to do, or it generated code that did not look correct, and I needed to check the code for myself. Luckily, since this was an assignment that we already did in class earlier in the semester, we had code to reference and check the AI code against. Most of the time it just took small tweaks to the prompt that I was giving to the AI in order to eventually get the code in which I was looking for.  
